[Music]
on the way out of bundy pore the
menacing still becomes a reality with an
unpredictable lone male any sudden
movement could be extremely dangerous
okay stop and retreating even more risky
than staying put and holding ground
these males they're just roaming around
and they're making their way to the back
waters you can see this one's been shot
through the ear males get into combat
quite often over females and and this
one seems to have lost his other tusk in
combat
[Music]
and right now he looks very tense again
his ears are frozen and he's just not
moving he's hardly six feet away from
the front of the vehicle one charge and
he'd had this vehicle turned over
no no it's okay it's okay mana stop stop
look at the size of this animal
the elephant's have to move from one
waterhole to another as they dry out and
they travel great distances during the
summer and a beautiful library bearing
Tosca like this one is now a rare sight